# $Id$
# See tools/dev/install_files.pl for documentation on the
# format of this file.
ABI_CHANGES                                       []
CREDITS                                           []
ChangeLog                                         []
Configure.pl                                      []
DEPRECATED                                        []
DEVELOPING                                        []
LICENSES/Artistic                                 [main]doc
LICENSES/gpl.txt                                  [main]doc
MANIFEST                                          []
MANIFEST.SKIP                                     []
MANIFEST.generated                                []
NEWS                                              [main]doc
PBC_COMPAT                                        [main]doc
PLATFORMS                                         [main]doc
README                                            [main]doc
README.win32                                      [main]doc
RELEASE_INSTRUCTIONS                              []
RESPONSIBLE_PARTIES                               [main]doc
TODO                                              [main]doc
VERSION                                           [main]doc
compilers/ast/README                              []
compilers/ast/ast.h                               []
compilers/ast/ast.l                               []
compilers/ast/ast.y                               []
compilers/ast/ast_main.c                          []
compilers/ast/astlexer.c                          []
compilers/ast/astparser.c                         []
compilers/ast/astparser.h                         []
compilers/ast/node.c                              []
compilers/imcc/ChangeLog                          [main]doc
compilers/imcc/README                             [main]doc
compilers/imcc/cfg.c                              []
compilers/imcc/cfg.h                              []
compilers/imcc/debug.c                            []
compilers/imcc/debug.h                            []
compilers/imcc/imc.c                              []
compilers/imcc/imc.h                              []
compilers/imcc/imcc.l                             []
compilers/imcc/imcc.y                             []
compilers/imcc/imclexer.c                         []
compilers/imcc/imcparser.c                        []
compilers/imcc/imcparser.h                        []
compilers/imcc/instructions.c                     []
compilers/imcc/instructions.h                     []
compilers/imcc/jit.c                              []
compilers/imcc/main.c                             []
compilers/imcc/optimizer.c                        []
compilers/imcc/optimizer.h                        []
compilers/imcc/parser.h                           []
compilers/imcc/parser_util.c                      []
compilers/imcc/pbc.c                              []
compilers/imcc/pbc.h                              []
compilers/imcc/pcc.c                              []
compilers/imcc/rebuild.pl                         []
compilers/imcc/reg_alloc.c                        []
compilers/imcc/reg_alloc_bc.c                     []
compilers/imcc/sets.c                             []
compilers/imcc/sets.h                             []
compilers/imcc/symreg.c                           []
compilers/imcc/symreg.h                           []
compilers/imcc/unit.h                             []
compilers/pge/P6Rule.grammar                      []
compilers/pge/PGE.pir                             []
compilers/pge/PGE/Exp.pir                         []
compilers/pge/PGE/Match.pir                       []
compilers/pge/PGE/OPTable.pir                     []
compilers/pge/PGE/P5Regexp.pir                    []
compilers/pge/PGE/P6Rule.pir                      []
compilers/pge/PGE/Rule.pir                        []
compilers/pge/PGE/TokenHash.pir                   []
compilers/pge/README                              []
compilers/pge/STATUS                              []
compilers/pge/demo.pir                            []
compilers/pge/library.pge                         []
compilers/pge/mklib.pir                           []
compilers/tge/README                              []
compilers/tge/TGE.pir                             []
compilers/tge/TGE/Instance.pir                    []
compilers/tge/TGE/Parser.pir                      []
compilers/tge/TGE/Rule.pir                        []
config/auto/aio.pm                                []
config/auto/aio/aio.in                            []
config/auto/alignptrs.pm                          []
config/auto/alignptrs/test_c.in                   []
config/auto/antlr.pm                              []
config/auto/antlr/test_python.g                   []
config/auto/bc.pm                                 []
config/auto/byteorder.pm                          []
config/auto/byteorder/test_c.in                   []
config/auto/cgoto.pm                              []
config/auto/cgoto/test_c.in                       []
config/auto/env.pm                                []
config/auto/env/test_setenv.in                    []
config/auto/env/test_unsetenv.in                  []
config/auto/format.pm                             []
config/auto/funcptr.pm                            []
config/auto/funcptr/test_c.in                     []
config/auto/gc.pm                                 []
config/auto/gc/test_c.in                          []
config/auto/gcc.pm                                []
config/auto/gcc/test_c.in                         []
config/auto/gdbm.pm                               []
config/auto/gdbm/gdbm.in                          []
config/auto/gmp.pm                                []
config/auto/gmp/gmp.in                            []
config/auto/headers.pm                            []
config/auto/headers/test_c.in                     []
config/auto/inline.pm                             []
config/auto/inline/test_1.in                      []
config/auto/inline/test_2.in                      []
config/auto/isreg.pm                              []
config/auto/isreg/test_c.in                       []
config/auto/jit.pm                                []
config/auto/jit/test_c.in                         []
config/auto/jit/test_exec_linux.in                []
config/auto/jit/test_exec_openbsd.in              []
config/auto/m4.pm                                 []
config/auto/memalign.pm                           []
config/auto/memalign/test_c.in                    []
config/auto/memalign/test_c2.in                   []
config/auto/msvc.pm                               []
config/auto/msvc/test_c.in                        []
config/auto/pack.pm                               []
config/auto/perldoc.pm                            []
config/auto/python.pm                             []
config/auto/signal.pm                             []
config/auto/signal/test_1.in                      []
config/auto/signal/test_2.in                      []
config/auto/signal/test_itimer.in                 []
config/auto/sizes.pm                              []
config/auto/sizes/test2_c.in                      []
config/auto/sizes/test_c.in                       []
config/auto/snprintf.pm                           []
config/auto/snprintf/test.in                      []
config/auto/va_ptr.pm                             []
config/auto/va_ptr/test_c.in                      []
config/gen/config_h.pm                            []
config/gen/config_h/config_h.in                   []
config/gen/config_h/feature_h.in                  []
config/gen/config_pm.pm                           []
config/gen/config_pm/Config_pm.in                 []
config/gen/config_pm/config_lib.in                []
config/gen/config_pm/myconfig.in                  []
config/gen/core_pmcs.pm                           []
config/gen/cpu.pm                                 []
config/gen/cpu/i386/Makefile                      []
config/gen/cpu/i386/auto.pm                       []
config/gen/cpu/i386/memcpy_mmx.c                  []
config/gen/cpu/i386/memcpy_mmx_in.c               []
config/gen/cpu/i386/memcpy_sse.c                  []
config/gen/cpu/i386/memcpy_sse_in.c               []
config/gen/cpu/x86_64/auto.pm                     []
config/gen/icu.pm                                 []
config/gen/makefiles.pm                           []
config/gen/makefiles/CFLAGS.in                    []
config/gen/makefiles/Zcode.in                     []
config/gen/makefiles/amber.in                     []
config/gen/makefiles/bc.in                        []
config/gen/makefiles/befunge.in                   []
config/gen/makefiles/bf.in                        []
config/gen/makefiles/cola.in                      []
config/gen/makefiles/docs.in                      []
config/gen/makefiles/dynclasses.in                []
config/gen/makefiles/dynclasses_pl.in             []
config/gen/makefiles/dynoplibs.in                 []
config/gen/makefiles/editor.in                    []
config/gen/makefiles/jako.in                      []
config/gen/makefiles/languages.in                 []
config/gen/makefiles/libparrot_def.in             []
config/gen/makefiles/lisp.in                      []
config/gen/makefiles/lua.in                       []
config/gen/makefiles/m4.in                        []
config/gen/makefiles/miniperl.in                  []
config/gen/makefiles/ook.in                       []
config/gen/makefiles/parrot_compiler.in           []
config/gen/makefiles/pge.in                       []
config/gen/makefiles/punie.in                     []
config/gen/makefiles/regex.in                     []
config/gen/makefiles/root.in                      []
config/gen/makefiles/scheme.in                    []
config/gen/makefiles/tge.in                       []
config/gen/makefiles/urm.in                       []
config/gen/parrot_include.pm                      []
config/gen/platform.pm                            []
config/gen/platform/aix/asm.s                     []
config/gen/platform/ansi/dl.c                     []
config/gen/platform/ansi/exec.c                   []
config/gen/platform/ansi/io.h                     []
config/gen/platform/ansi/time.c                   []
config/gen/platform/darwin/begin.c                []
config/gen/platform/darwin/dl.c                   []
config/gen/platform/darwin/memalign.c             []
config/gen/platform/generic/dl.c                  []
config/gen/platform/generic/dl.h                  []
config/gen/platform/generic/env.c                 []
config/gen/platform/generic/exec.c                []
config/gen/platform/generic/io.h                  []
config/gen/platform/generic/itimer.c              []
config/gen/platform/generic/math.c                []
config/gen/platform/generic/math.h                []
config/gen/platform/generic/memalign.c            []
config/gen/platform/generic/memexec.c             []
config/gen/platform/generic/signal.c              []
config/gen/platform/generic/signal.h              []
config/gen/platform/generic/stat.c                []
config/gen/platform/generic/stat.h                []
config/gen/platform/generic/threads.h             []
config/gen/platform/generic/time.c                []
config/gen/platform/ia64/asm.s                    []
config/gen/platform/openbsd/memexec.c             []
config/gen/platform/openbsd/misc.h                []
config/gen/platform/platform_interface.h          []
config/gen/platform/solaris/time.c                []
config/gen/platform/win32/begin.c                 []
config/gen/platform/win32/dl.c                    []
config/gen/platform/win32/env.c                   []
config/gen/platform/win32/exec.c                  []
config/gen/platform/win32/io.h                    []
config/gen/platform/win32/misc.c                  []
config/gen/platform/win32/misc.h                  []
config/gen/platform/win32/signal.c                []
config/gen/platform/win32/signal.h                []
config/gen/platform/win32/stat.c                  []
config/gen/platform/win32/stat.h                  []
config/gen/platform/win32/threads.h               []
config/gen/platform/win32/time.c                  []
config/gen/revision.pm                            []
config/init/defaults.pm                           []
config/init/headers.pm                            []
config/init/hints.pm                              []
config/init/hints/aix.pm                          []
config/init/hints/cygwin.pm                       []
config/init/hints/darwin.pm                       []
config/init/hints/dec_osf.pm                      []
config/init/hints/freebsd.pm                      []
config/init/hints/hpux.pm                         []
config/init/hints/irix.pm                         []
config/init/hints/linux.pm                        []
config/init/hints/mswin32.pm                      []
config/init/hints/msys.pm                         []
config/init/hints/openbsd.pm                      []
config/init/hints/os2.pm                          []
config/init/hints/solaris.pm                      []
config/init/hints/vms.pm                          []
config/init/manifest.pm                           []
config/init/miniparrot.pm                         []
config/init/optimize.pm                           []
config/inter/charset.pm                           []
config/inter/encoding.pm                          []
config/inter/exp.pm                               []
config/inter/lex.pm                               []
config/inter/make.pm                              []
config/inter/ops.pm                               []
config/inter/pmc.pm                               []
config/inter/progs.pm                             []
config/inter/shlibs.pm                            []
config/inter/types.pm                             []
config/inter/yacc.pm                              []
docs/BROKEN                                       [devel]doc
docs/ROADMAP                                      [devel]doc
docs/compiler_faq.pod                             [devel]doc
docs/configuration.pod                            [devel]doc
docs/debug.pod                                    [devel]doc
docs/debugger.pod                                 [main]doc
docs/dev/byteorder.dev                            [main]doc
docs/dev/dod.dev                                  [devel]doc
docs/dev/events.pod                               [devel]doc
docs/dev/fhs.pod                                  [devel]doc
docs/dev/infant.dev                               [devel]doc
docs/dev/jit_i386.dev                             [main]doc
docs/dev/longopt.dev                              [main]doc
docs/dev/nanoparrot.c                             [main]doc
docs/dev/optimizer.pod                            [main]doc
docs/dev/pmc_freeze.pod                           [devel]doc
docs/embed.pod                                    [main]doc
docs/extend.pod                                   [main]doc
docs/faq.pod                                      [main]doc
docs/gettingstarted.pod                           [main]doc
docs/glossary.pod                                 [main]doc
docs/imcc/calling_conventions.pod                 [main]doc
docs/imcc/imcc.pod                                [main]doc
docs/imcc/imcfaq.pod                              [main]doc
docs/imcc/macros.pod                              [main]doc
docs/imcc/operation.pod                           [main]doc
docs/imcc/parsing.pod                             [main]doc
docs/imcc/syntax.pod                              [main]doc
docs/intro.pod                                    [main]doc
docs/jit.pod                                      [main]doc
docs/memory_internals.pod                         [main]doc
docs/mmd.pod                                      [main]doc
docs/native_exec.pod                              [main]doc
docs/overview.pod                                 [main]doc
docs/parrot.pod                                   [main]doc
docs/parrotbyte.pod                               [main]doc
docs/pdds/README                                  [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd01_overview.pod                 [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd02_vtables.pod                  [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd04_datatypes.pod                [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd05_opfunc.pod                   [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd06_pasm.pod                     [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd07_codingstd.pod                [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd08_keys.pod                     [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd09_gc.pod                       [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd10_embedding.pod                [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd11_extending.pod                [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd12_assembly.pod                 [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd13_bytecode.pod                 [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd14_bignum.pod                   [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd15_objects.pod                  [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd16_native_call.pod              [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd17_basic_types.pod              [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd18_security.pod                 [main]doc
docs/pdds/clip/pdd19_pir.pod                      [main]doc
docs/pdds/pdd00_pdd.pod                           [main]doc
docs/pdds/pdd03_calling_conventions.pod           [main]doc
docs/pdds/pdd20_lexical_vars.pod                  [main]doc
docs/pdds/pdd_template.pod                        [main]doc
docs/pmc.pod                                      [main]doc
docs/pmc/array.pod                                [main]doc
docs/pmc/iterator.pod                             [main]doc
docs/pmc/perlarray.pod                            [main]doc
docs/pmc/perlhash.pod                             [main]doc
docs/pmc/perlstring.pod                           [main]doc
docs/pmc/struct.pod                               [main]doc
docs/pmc/subs.pod                                 [main]doc
docs/porting_intro.pod                            [main]doc
docs/practical_notes.pod                          [main]doc
docs/req/model_users.pod                          [main]doc
docs/resources/favicon.ico                        [main]doc
docs/resources/parrot.small.png                   [main]doc
docs/resources/perl.css                           [main]doc
docs/resources/up.gif                             [main]doc
docs/running.pod                                  [main]doc
docs/strings.pod                                  [main]doc
docs/submissions.pod                              [main]doc
docs/tests.pod                                    [main]doc
docs/vtables.pod                                  [main]doc
editor/README.pod                                 [devel]
editor/addtags                                    [devel]
editor/filetype_parrot.vim                        [devel]
editor/imc.vim.in                                 [devel]
editor/indent_imc.vim                             [devel]
editor/kate_syntax.pl                             [devel]
editor/ops2vim.pl                                 [devel]
editor/pasm.el                                    [devel]
editor/pasm.vim                                   [devel]
editor/pir-mode.el                                [devel]
editor/pmc.vim                                    [devel]
examples/README                                   [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/addit.imc                     [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/addit.pasm                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/addit.pl                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/addit.rb                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/addit2.imc                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/array_access.imc              [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/arriter.imc                   [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/arriter.pl                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/arriter.rb                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/arriter_o1.imc                [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/bench_newp.pasm               [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/fib.imc                       [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/fib.pl                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/fib.py                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/fib.rb                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/freeze.pasm                   [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/freeze.pl                     [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/gc_alloc_new.pasm             [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/gc_alloc_reuse.pasm           [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/gc_generations.pasm           [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/gc_header_new.pasm            [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/gc_header_reuse.pasm          [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/gc_waves_headers.pasm         [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/gc_waves_sizeable_data.pasm   [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/gc_waves_sizeable_headers.pasm [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/mops.pasm                     [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/mops.pl                       [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/mops_intval.pasm              [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo1.pasm                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo1.pl                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo1.py                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo1.rb                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo2.pasm                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo2.pl                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo2.py                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo2.rb                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo3.pasm                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo3.pl                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo3.py                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo3.rb                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo4.pasm                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo4.pl                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo4.py                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo4.rb                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo5.imc                       [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo5.pl                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo5.py                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo5.rb                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo6.imc                       [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo6.pl                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo6.py                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oo6.rb                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oofib.imc                     [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oofib.pl                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oofib.py                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oofib.rb                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/oon.txt                       [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/overload.imc                  [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/overload.pl                   [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes.c                      [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes.pasm                   [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes.pl                     [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes2.c                     [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes2.pasm                  [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes2.pl                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes2.py                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes2.rb                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes2_i.pasm                [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/primes_i.pasm                 [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/shared_ref.pasm               [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/shared_ref.pl                 [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress.pasm                   [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress.pl                     [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress.rb                     [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress1.pasm                  [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress1.pl                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress2.pasm                  [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress2.pl                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress2.rb                    [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/stress3.pasm                  [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/vpm.imc                       [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/vpm.pl                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/vpm.py                        [main]doc
examples/benchmarks/vpm.rb                        [main]doc
examples/c/test_main.c                            [main]doc
examples/compilers/Makefile                       [main]doc
examples/compilers/japhc.c                        [main]doc
examples/io/echo_client.imc                       [main]doc
examples/io/http.imc                              [main]doc
examples/io/httpd.imc                             [main]doc
examples/io/net_smtp.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/io/pioctl.pasm                           [main]doc
examples/io/pipe2.imc                             [main]doc
examples/io/pipe3.imc                             [main]doc
examples/japh/README                              [main]doc
examples/japh/japh1.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/japh/japh10.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/japh/japh11.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/japh/japh12.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/japh/japh13.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/japh/japh14.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/japh/japh15.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/japh/japh16.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/japh/japh17.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/japh/japh2.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/japh/japh3.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/japh/japh4.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/japh/japh5.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/japh/japh6.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/japh/japh7.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/japh/japh8.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/japh/japh9.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/library/acorn.l                          [main]doc
examples/library/getopt_demo.pir                  [main]doc
examples/library/md5sum.pir                       [main]doc
examples/library/ncurses_life.imc                 [main]doc
examples/library/pcre.pir                         [main]doc
examples/mops/README                              [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.c                              [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.cs                             [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.il                             [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.p6                             [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.pl                             [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.ps                             [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.py                             [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.rb                             [main]doc
examples/mops/mops.scheme                         [main]doc
examples/nci/PQt.C                                [main]doc
examples/nci/QtHelloWorld.pasm                    [main]doc
examples/nci/ls.pir                               [main]doc
examples/nci/sdl_blue_rectangle.imc               [main]doc
examples/nci/win32api.imc                         [main]doc
examples/pasm/99beer.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/pasm/cat.pasm                            [main]doc
examples/pasm/fact.pasm                           [main]doc
examples/pasm/hello.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/pasm/nanoforth.pasm                      [main]doc
examples/pasm/nanoforth2.pasm                     [main]doc
examples/pasm/queens.pasm                         [main]doc
examples/pasm/small.xml                           [main]doc
examples/pasm/stack.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/pasm/trace.pasm                          [main]doc
examples/pasm/xml_parser.pasm                     [main]doc
examples/past/hello.past                          [main]doc
examples/pge/README                               [main]doc
examples/pge/all.pir                              [main]doc
examples/pge/p6parse.pir                          [main]doc
examples/pge/perl6.pir                            [main]doc
examples/pge/simple.pir                           [main]doc
examples/pir/circle.pir                           [main]doc
examples/pir/euclid.pir                           [main]doc
examples/pir/hanoi.pir                            [main]doc
examples/pir/hello-dwim.pir                       [main]doc
examples/pir/io.pir                               [main]doc
examples/pir/life.pir                             [main]doc
examples/pir/local_label.pir                      [main]doc
examples/pir/mandel.pir                           [main]doc
examples/pir/queens_r.pir                         [main]doc
examples/pir/readline.pir                         [main]doc
examples/pir/substr.pir                           [main]doc
examples/pir/sudoku.pir                           [main]doc
examples/pir/thr-primes.pir                       [main]doc
examples/pir/uniq.pir                             [main]doc
examples/sdl/anim_image.imc                       [devel]
examples/sdl/anim_image_dblbuf.imc                [devel]
examples/sdl/blue_font.imc                        [devel]
examples/sdl/blue_rect.imc                        [devel]
examples/sdl/bounce_parrot_logo.imc               [devel]
examples/sdl/lcd/clock.imc                        [devel]
examples/sdl/minesweeper/README                   [main]doc
examples/sdl/minesweeper/eventhandler.imc         [main]doc
examples/sdl/minesweeper/field.imc                [main]doc
examples/sdl/minesweeper/mines.imc                [main]doc
examples/sdl/minesweeper/mines.png                [main]doc
examples/sdl/minesweeper/mines_debug.png          [main]doc
examples/sdl/minesweeper/smiley.png               [main]doc
examples/sdl/move_parrot_logo.imc                 [devel]
examples/sdl/parrot_small.png                     [devel]
examples/sdl/raw_pixels.imc                       [devel]
examples/sdl/tetris/README                        [main]doc
examples/sdl/tetris/app.imc                       [main]doc
examples/sdl/tetris/block.imc                     [main]doc
examples/sdl/tetris/blockdata.imc                 [main]doc
examples/sdl/tetris/blocks.imc                    [main]doc
examples/sdl/tetris/board.imc                     [main]doc
examples/sdl/tetris/boarddata.imc                 [main]doc
examples/sdl/tetris/eventhandler.imc              [main]doc
examples/sdl/tetris/tetris.imc                    [main]doc
examples/shootout/README                          [main]doc
examples/shootout/ack.pir                         [main]doc
examples/shootout/ack.py                          [main]doc
examples/shootout/binarytrees.pir                 [main]doc
examples/shootout/fannkuch.pir                    [main]doc
examples/shootout/fannkuch.py                     [main]doc
examples/shootout/fasta.pir                       [main]doc
examples/shootout/harmonic.pir                    [main]doc
examples/shootout/knucleotide.pir                 [main]doc
examples/shootout/mandelbrot.pir                  [main]doc
examples/shootout/nsieve-bits-2.pir               [main]doc
examples/shootout/nsieve-bits.pir                 [main]doc
examples/shootout/pidigits.pir                    [main]doc
examples/shootout/pidigits.py                     [main]doc
examples/shootout/random.pasm                     [main]doc
examples/shootout/random.pir                      [main]doc
examples/shootout/revcomp.pir                     [main]doc
examples/shootout/sumcol.pir                      [main]doc
examples/shootout/takfp.pir                       [main]doc
examples/streams/Bytes.imc                        [main]doc
examples/streams/Combiner.imc                     [main]doc
examples/streams/Coroutine.imc                    [main]doc
examples/streams/FileLines.imc                    [main]doc
examples/streams/Filter.imc                       [main]doc
examples/streams/Include.imc                      [main]doc
examples/streams/Lines.imc                        [main]doc
examples/streams/ParrotIO.imc                     [main]doc
examples/streams/Replay.imc                       [main]doc
examples/streams/SubCounter.imc                   [main]doc
examples/streams/SubHello.imc                     [main]doc
examples/streams/Writer.imc                       [main]doc
examples/subs/bsr_ret.pasm                        [main]doc
examples/subs/coroutine.pasm                      [main]doc
examples/subs/jsr_ret.pasm                        [main]doc
examples/subs/pasm_sub1.pasm                      [main]doc
examples/subs/sub1.imc                            [main]doc
examples/subs/sub2.imc                            [main]doc
examples/subs/sub3.imc                            [main]doc
include/parrot/autoprefix.h                       [main]
include/parrot/builtin.h                          [main]
include/parrot/caches.h                           [main]
include/parrot/cclass.h                           [main]
include/parrot/charset.h                          [main]
include/parrot/datatypes.h                        [main]
include/parrot/debug.h                            [main]
include/parrot/dod.h                              [main]
include/parrot/dynext.h                           [main]
include/parrot/embed.h                            [main]
include/parrot/encoding.h                         [main]
include/parrot/enums.h                            [main]
include/parrot/events.h                           [main]
include/parrot/exceptions.h                       [main]
include/parrot/exec.h                             [main]
include/parrot/exec_save.h                        [main]
include/parrot/exit.h                             [main]
include/parrot/extend.h                           [main]
include/parrot/global.h                           [main]
include/parrot/global_setup.h                     [main]
include/parrot/hash.h                             [main]
include/parrot/headers.h                          [main]
include/parrot/hll.h                              [main]
include/parrot/inter_call.h                       [main]
include/parrot/interp_guts.h                      [main]
include/parrot/interpreter.h                      [main]
include/parrot/intlist.h                          [main]
include/parrot/io.h                               [main]
include/parrot/jit.h                              [main]
include/parrot/key.h                              [main]
include/parrot/library.h                          [main]
include/parrot/list.h                             [main]
include/parrot/longopt.h                          [main]
include/parrot/memory.h                           [main]
include/parrot/method_util.h                      [main]
include/parrot/misc.h                             [main]
include/parrot/mmd.h                              [main]
include/parrot/nci.h                              [main]
include/parrot/objects.h                          [main]
include/parrot/op.h                               [main]
include/parrot/oplib.h                            [main]
include/parrot/packfile.h                         [main]
include/parrot/parrot.h                           [main]
include/parrot/perltypes.h                        [main]
include/parrot/pic.h                              [main]
include/parrot/pmc.h                              [main]
include/parrot/pmc_freeze.h                       [main]
include/parrot/pobj.h                             [main]
include/parrot/register.h                         [main]
include/parrot/resources.h                        [main]
include/parrot/runops_cores.h                     [main]
include/parrot/settings.h                         [main]
include/parrot/slice.h                            [main]
include/parrot/smallobject.h                      [main]
include/parrot/stacks.h                           [main]
include/parrot/stat.h                             [main]
include/parrot/string.h                           [main]
include/parrot/string_funcs.h                     [main]
include/parrot/string_primitives.h                [main]
include/parrot/sub.h                              [main]
include/parrot/thr_pthread.h                      [main]
include/parrot/thr_windows.h                      [main]
include/parrot/thread.h                           [main]
include/parrot/trace.h                            [main]
include/parrot/tsq.h                              [main]
include/parrot/unicode.h                          [main]
include/parrot/vtables.h                          [main]
include/parrot/warnings.h                         [main]
languages/BASIC/compiler/BASIC_README             [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/COMP_assignments.pm      [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/COMP_expressions.pm      [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/COMP_parsefuncs.pm       [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/COMP_parser.pm           [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/COMP_toker.pm            [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_aggregates.imc        [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_builtins.imc          [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_debugger.imc          [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_initialize.imc        [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_io.imc                [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_platform.imc          [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_platform_ANSIscreen.imc  [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_platform_win32.imc    [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/RT_support.imc           [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/compile.pl               [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/readme.bas               [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/samples/chess.bas        [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/samples/conn4.bas        [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/samples/eliza2.bas       [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/samples/hanoi.bas        [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/samples/newtrek.bas      [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/samples/screen.bas       [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/samples/wumpus2.bas      [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/testrun.pl               [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/compiler/testsuite.pl             [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/README.BASIC          [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/alpha.pasm            [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/basic.pasm            [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/basic.pl              [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/basicvar.pasm         [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/dumpstack.pasm        [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/eliza.bas             [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/expr.pasm             [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/instructions.pasm     [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/sampleb.bas           [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/stackops.pasm         [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/tokenize.pasm         [BASIC]
languages/BASIC/interpreter/wumpus.bas            [BASIC]
languages/LANGUAGES.STATUS                        []
languages/Zcode/CHANGES                           [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/README                            [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/TODO                              [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/examples/hello.inf                [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/examples/hello.z3                 [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/examples/small.inf                [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/examples/small.z3                 [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/10_jumps.inf                    [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/10_jumps.t                      [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/10_jumps.z3                     [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/15_math.inf                     [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/15_math.t                       [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/15_math.z3                      [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/20_logic.inf                    [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/20_logic.t                      [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/20_logic.z3                     [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/25_vars.inf                     [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/25_vars.t                       [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/25_vars.z3                      [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/assert.inf                      [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/declare.inf                     [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/t/harness                         [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/z3.pir                            [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/z3main.pir                        [Zcode]
languages/Zcode/zops.pir                          [Zcode]
languages/amber/lib/kernel/pmc/amber_array.pmc    [amber]
languages/amber/lib/kernel/pmc/amber_boolean.pmc  [amber]
languages/amber/lib/kernel/pmc/amber_character.pmc [amber]
languages/amber/lib/kernel/pmc/amber_default.pmc  [amber]
languages/amber/lib/kernel/pmc/amber_integer.pmc  [amber]
languages/amber/lib/kernel/pmc/amber_pathname.pmc [amber]
languages/amber/lib/kernel/pmc/amber_string.pmc   [amber]
languages/amber/lib/kernel/pmc/amber_table.pmc    [amber]
languages/bc/AUTHOR                                                    [bc]
languages/bc/ChangeLog                                                 [bc]
languages/bc/MAINTAINER                                                [bc]
languages/bc/README                                                    [bc]
languages/bc/TODO                                                      [bc]
languages/bc/VERSION                                                   [bc]
languages/bc/bc.py                                                     [bc]
languages/bc/docs/parrot_bc.pod                                        [bc]
languages/bc/grammar/antlr2past.g                                      [bc]
languages/bc/grammar/bc_python.g                                       [bc]
languages/bc/lib/Parrot/Test/Bc.pm                                     [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/antlr/LICENSE.txt                              [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/antlr/__init__.py                              [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/antlr/antlr.py                                 [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/antlr2past/Antlr2PastTreeWalker.py             [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/antlr2past/Antlr2PastTreeWalkerTokenTypes.txt  [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/antlr2past/BcLexerTokenTypes.txt               [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/antlr2past/__init__.py                         [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/bc/BcLexer.py                                  [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/bc/BcLexerTokenTypes.txt                       [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/bc/BcParser.py                                 [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/bc/BcTreeWalker.py                             [bc]
languages/bc/python/lib/bc/__init__.py                                 [bc]
languages/bc/t/basic.t                                                 [bc]
languages/bc/t/function.t                                              [bc]
languages/bc/t/harness                                                 [bc]
languages/befunge/Changes                         [befunge]
languages/befunge/README                          [befunge]
languages/befunge/befunge.pasm                    [befunge]
languages/befunge/debug.pasm                      [befunge]
languages/befunge/flow.pasm                       [befunge]
languages/befunge/io.pasm                         [befunge]
languages/befunge/load.pasm                       [befunge]
languages/befunge/maths.pasm                      [befunge]
languages/befunge/pascserp.bef                    [befunge]
languages/befunge/stack.pasm                      [befunge]
languages/befunge/t/basic.t                       [befunge]
languages/befunge/t/harness                       [befunge]
languages/befunge/test.bef                        [befunge]
languages/bf/README                               [bf]
languages/bf/bench.bf                             [bf]
languages/bf/bf.pasm                              [bf]
languages/bf/bfc.pir                              [bf]
languages/bf/bfco.pir                             [bf]
languages/bf/countdown.bf                         [bf]
languages/bf/cw.bf                                [bf]
languages/bf/cw.txt                               [bf]
languages/bf/helloworld.bf                        [bf]
languages/bf/t/harness                            [bf]
languages/bf/t/test_bf.t                          [bf]
languages/bf/t/test_bfc.t                         [bf]
languages/bf/t/test_bfco.t                        [bf]
languages/bf/test.bf                              [bf]
languages/cola/MAINTAINER                         [cola]
languages/cola/README                             [cola]
languages/cola/System.cola                        [cola]
languages/cola/cola.h                             [cola]
languages/cola/cola.l                             [cola]
languages/cola/cola.y                             [cola]
languages/cola/colac                              [cola]
languages/cola/core.imc                           [cola]
languages/cola/examples/calc.cola                 [cola]
languages/cola/examples/expressions.cola          [cola]
languages/cola/examples/fib.cola                  [cola]
languages/cola/examples/life.cola                 [cola]
languages/cola/examples/mandelbrot.cola           [cola]
languages/cola/examples/oop.cola                  [cola]
languages/cola/examples/reverse.cola              [cola]
languages/cola/gen.c                              [cola]
languages/cola/lexer.c                            [cola]
languages/cola/parser.c                           [cola]
languages/cola/parser.h                           [cola]
languages/cola/semant.c                           [cola]
languages/cola/sym.c                              [cola]
languages/cola/type.c                             [cola]
languages/conversion/Translate/ABNF.pm            []
languages/conversion/Translate/PRD.pm             []
languages/conversion/Translate/Perl6.pm           []
languages/conversion/examples/Ruby_official.pm    []
languages/conversion/examples/Ruby_yacc.pm        []
languages/conversion/examples/bad.bnf             []
languages/conversion/examples/bnf.bnf             []
languages/conversion/examples/lisp.bnf            []
languages/conversion/examples/prolog.bnf          []
languages/conversion/examples/python.bnf          []
languages/conversion/examples/test.bnf            []
languages/conversion/test.pl                      []
languages/converter.pl                            []
languages/forth/README                            [forth]
languages/forth/forth.pasm                        [forth]
languages/forth/forth.pod                         [forth]
languages/jako/Curses.jako                        [jako]
languages/jako/MAINTAINER                         [jako]
languages/jako/README                             [jako]
languages/jako/SDL.jako                           [jako]
languages/jako/docs/future.pod                    [jako]
languages/jako/docs/jako.pod                      [jako]
languages/jako/elem.jako                          [jako]
languages/jako/examples/bench.jako                [jako]
languages/jako/examples/board.jako                [jako]
languages/jako/examples/euclid.jako               [jako]
languages/jako/examples/fact.jako                 [jako]
languages/jako/examples/fib.jako                  [jako]
languages/jako/examples/hello.jako                [jako]
languages/jako/examples/leibniz.jako              [jako]
languages/jako/examples/life.jako                 [jako]
languages/jako/examples/mandelbrot.jako           [jako]
languages/jako/examples/mandelzoom.jako           [jako]
languages/jako/examples/mops.jako                 [jako]
languages/jako/examples/nci.jako                  [jako]
languages/jako/examples/pmc.jako                  [jako]
languages/jako/examples/primes.jako               [jako]
languages/jako/examples/python.jako               [jako]
languages/jako/examples/queens.jako               [jako]
languages/jako/examples/queens_array.jako         [jako]
languages/jako/examples/sub.jako                  [jako]
languages/jako/io.jako                            [jako]
languages/jako/jako                               [jako]
languages/jako/jakoc                              [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Compiler.pm               [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct.pm              [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block.pm        [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Bare.pm   [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Conditional.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Conditional/Else.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Conditional/If.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Conditional/Unless.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/File.pm   [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Loop.pm   [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Loop/Continue.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Loop/Until.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Loop/While.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Module.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Block/Sub.pm    [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Declaration.pm  [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Declaration/Constant.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Declaration/Sub.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Declaration/Variable.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Expression.pm   [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Expression/Call.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Expression/Infix.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Expression/Prefix.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Expression/Suffix.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Expression/Value.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Expression/Value/Identifier.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Expression/Value/Literal.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Label.pm        [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement.pm    [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/Arithmetic.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/Assign.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/Bitwise.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/Call.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/Decrement.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/Goto.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/Increment.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/LoopControl.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/New.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Statement/Return.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Type.pm         [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Type/Integer.pm [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Type/Number.pm  [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Type/PMC.pm     [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Construct/Type/String.pm  [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Lexer.pm                  [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Parser.pm                 [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Processor.pm              [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Symbol.pm                 [jako]
languages/jako/lib/Jako/Token.pm                  [jako]
languages/jako/string.jako                        [jako]
languages/jako/sys.jako                           [jako]
languages/jako/t/assign.jako                      [jako]
languages/jako/t/data_decl.jako                   [jako]
languages/lazy-k/README                           [lazy-k]
languages/lazy-k/calc.lazy                        [lazy-k]
languages/lazy-k/cat.lazy                         [lazy-k]
languages/lazy-k/lazy.pir                         [lazy-k]
languages/lazy-k/powers2.lazy                     [lazy-k]
languages/lazy-k/t/calc.t                         [lazy-k]
languages/lazy-k/t/harness                        [lazy-k]
languages/lazy-k/test.sh                          [lazy-k]
languages/lisp/CHANGES                            [lisp]
languages/lisp/README                             [lisp]
languages/lisp/cl.imc                             [lisp]
languages/lisp/eval.imc                           [lisp]
languages/lisp/include/macros.imc                 [lisp]
languages/lisp/include/macros/assert.imc          [lisp]
languages/lisp/include/macros/error.imc           [lisp]
languages/lisp/include/macros/list.imc            [lisp]
languages/lisp/include/macros/standard.imc        [lisp]
languages/lisp/include/macros/types.imc           [lisp]
languages/lisp/internals.imc                      [lisp]
languages/lisp/lisp.imc                           [lisp]
languages/lisp/lisp/bootstrap.l                   [lisp]
languages/lisp/lisp/core.l                        [lisp]
languages/lisp/lisp/list.l                        [lisp]
languages/lisp/lisp/logic.l                       [lisp]
languages/lisp/lisp/math.l                        [lisp]
languages/lisp/lisp/objects.l                     [lisp]
languages/lisp/lisp/pred.l                        [lisp]
languages/lisp/read.imc                           [lisp]
languages/lisp/system.imc                         [lisp]
languages/lisp/t/test.l                           [lisp]
languages/lisp/types.imc                          [lisp]
languages/lisp/validate.imc                       [lisp]
languages/lua/classes/luaboolean.pmc              [lua]
languages/lua/classes/luafunction.pmc             [lua]
languages/lua/classes/luanil.pmc                  [lua]
languages/lua/classes/luanumber.pmc               [lua]
languages/lua/classes/luastring.pmc               [lua]
languages/lua/classes/luatable.pmc                [lua]
languages/lua/classes/luathread.pmc               [lua]
languages/lua/classes/luauserdata.pmc             [lua]
languages/lua/t/harness                           [lua]
languages/lua/t/pmc/boolean.t                     [lua]
languages/lua/t/pmc/function.t                    [lua]
languages/lua/t/pmc/nil.t                         [lua]
languages/lua/t/pmc/number.t                      [lua]
languages/lua/t/pmc/string.t                      [lua]
languages/lua/t/pmc/table.t                       [lua]
languages/lua/t/pmc/thread.t                      [lua]
languages/lua/t/pmc/userdata.t                    [lua]
languages/m4/BUGS                                 [m4]
languages/m4/ChangeLog                            [m4]
languages/m4/INSTALL                              [m4]
languages/m4/LICENSE                              [m4]
languages/m4/MAINTAINER                           [m4]
languages/m4/README                               [m4]
languages/m4/TODO.pod                             [m4]
languages/m4/VERSION                              [m4]
languages/m4/doc/README                           [m4]
languages/m4/doc/features.pod                     [m4]
languages/m4/doc/freezing.pod                     [m4]
languages/m4/doc/operation.pod                    [m4]
languages/m4/doc/running.pod                      [m4]
languages/m4/examples/README                      [m4]
languages/m4/examples/eval.pir                    [m4]
languages/m4/examples/hello.m4                    [m4]
languages/m4/examples/nesting.m4                  [m4]
languages/m4/examples/only_T7_0.frozen            [m4]
languages/m4/examples/only_builtin.frozen         [m4]
languages/m4/lib/Parrot/Test/m4.pm                [m4]
languages/m4/m4.pl                                [m4]
languages/m4/src/builtin.pir                      [m4]
languages/m4/src/eval.c                           [m4]
languages/m4/src/freeze.pir                       [m4]
languages/m4/src/input.pir                        [m4]
languages/m4/src/m4.pir                           [m4]
languages/m4/src/macro.pir                        [m4]
languages/m4/src/output.pir                       [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/001_comletely_empty.t        [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/002_hello.t                  [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/003_getopt.t                 [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/004_define.t                 [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/005_define_with_blanks.t     [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/006_define_with_rest.t       [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/007_empty_line.t             [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/008_two_tests.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/009_token_simple.t           [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/010_token_string.t           [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/011_recursion.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/basic/012_eval.t                   [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/001_all.t                 [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/002_define.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/003_index.t               [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/004_len.t                 [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/005_substr.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/006_format.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/007_decr.t                [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/008_incr.t                [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/009_syscmd.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/010_sysval.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/011_eval.t                [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/012_undefine.t            [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/013_ifdef.t               [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/014_ifelse.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/015___file__.t            [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/016___line__.t            [m4]
languages/m4/t/builtins/017_printerr.t            [m4]
languages/m4/t/freezing/001_freeze.t              [m4]
languages/m4/t/freezing/002_many_files.t          [m4]
languages/m4/t/harness                            [m4]
languages/m4/t/regex/002_tokens.t                 [m4]
languages/m4/t/regex/004_pge.t                    [m4]
languages/m4/tools/README                         [m4]
languages/m4/tools/frozen2yaml.pl                 [m4]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl.pm                    [devel]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl/Generator.pm          [devel]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl/Makefile.PL           [devel]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl/Parser.pm             [devel]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl/Tokenizer.pm          [devel]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl/t/001_tokenizer.t     [devel]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl/t/002_parser.t        [devel]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl/t/003_generator.t     [devel]
languages/miniperl/Miniperl/t/004_combined.t      [devel]
languages/miniperl/mpc                            [devel]
languages/ook/Changes                             [ook]
languages/ook/README                              [ook]
languages/ook/hello.ook                           [ook]
languages/ook/ook.pasm                            [ook]
languages/ook/t/basic.t                           [ook]
languages/ook/t/harness                           [ook]
languages/ook/test.ook                            [ook]
languages/parakeet/README.txt                     [parakeet]
languages/parakeet/parakeet.imc                   [parakeet]
languages/parakeet/test.pk                        [parakeet]
languages/parrot_compiler/README                  [parrot_compiler]
languages/parrot_compiler/lib/Parrot/Test/ParrotCompiler.pm      [parrot_compiler]
languages/parrot_compiler/parrot.pasm             [parrot_compiler]
languages/parrot_compiler/parrot_compiler.imc     [parrot_compiler]
languages/parrot_compiler/sample.pasm             [parrot_compiler]
languages/parrot_compiler/t/basic/hello.t         [parrot_compiler]
languages/parrot_compiler/t/harness               [parrot_compiler]
languages/punie/README                            [punie]
languages/punie/demo.p1                           [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST.pir                      [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Code.pir                 [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Exp.pir                  [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Node.pir                 [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Op.pir                   [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Stmt.pir                 [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Stmts.pir                [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Sub.pir                  [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Val.pir                  [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PAST/Var.pir                  [punie]
languages/punie/lib/POST.pir                      [punie]
languages/punie/lib/POST/Node.pir                 [punie]
languages/punie/lib/POST/Op.pir                   [punie]
languages/punie/lib/POST/Sub.pir                  [punie]
languages/punie/lib/POST/Val.pir                  [punie]
languages/punie/lib/POST/Var.pir                  [punie]
languages/punie/lib/PunieGrammar.pir              [punie]
languages/punie/lib/past2post.g                   [punie]
languages/punie/lib/pge2past.g                    [punie]
languages/punie/lib/post2pir.g                    [punie]
languages/punie/lib/punie.g                       [punie]
languages/punie/pge_compile.pir                   [punie]
languages/punie/punie.pir                         [punie]
languages/punie/punie2.pir                        [punie]
languages/punie/t/base_cond.t                     [punie]
languages/punie/t/base_if.t                       [punie]
languages/punie/t/base_lex.t                      [punie]
languages/punie/t/base_pat.t                      [punie]
languages/punie/t/base_term.t                     [punie]
languages/punie/t/harness                         [punie]
languages/punie/t/io_print.t                      [punie]
languages/punie/t/past.t                          [punie]
languages/punie/t/past_node.t                     [punie]
languages/punie/t/past_op.t                       [punie]
languages/punie/t/past_val.t                      [punie]
languages/punie/t/post.t                          [punie]
languages/punie/t/post_node.t                     [punie]
languages/punie/t/post_op.t                       [punie]
languages/punie/t/post_val.t                      [punie]
languages/python/Makefile                         []
languages/python/README                           []
languages/python/ast2past.py                      []
languages/python/mdis.py                          []
languages/python/mydis.py                         []
languages/python/pie-thon                         []
languages/python/pie-thon.pl                      []
languages/python/python.bnf                       []
languages/python/python.prd                       []
languages/python/t/basic/01_hello.t               []
languages/python/t/basic/02_expr.t                []
languages/python/t/basic/03_types.t               []
languages/python/t/basic/func.t                   []
languages/python/t/basic/iter.t                   []
languages/python/t/basic/oo_attr.t                []
languages/python/t/basic/oo_class.t               []
languages/python/t/harness                        []
languages/python/t/pie/b0.t                       []
languages/python/t/pie/b1.t                       []
languages/python/t/pie/b2.t                       []
languages/python/t/pie/b3.t                       []
languages/python/t/pie/b5.t                       []
languages/python/t/pie/b6.t                       []
languages/regex/01_basic.imc                      [regex]
languages/regex/02_date.imc                       [regex]
languages/regex/ChangeLog                         [regex]
languages/regex/MAINTAINER                        [regex]
languages/regex/README                            [regex]
languages/regex/README.hacking                    [regex]
languages/regex/docs/regex.pod                    [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Parrot/Test/Regex.pm          [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex.pm                      [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/CodeGen.pm              [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/CodeGen/IMCC.pm         [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/CodeGen/Perl5.pm        [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/CodeGen/Re.pm           [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/CodeGen/Rx.pm           [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Driver.pm               [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Generate.pm             [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Grammar.pm              [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Grammar.y               [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Ops.pm                  [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Ops/List.pm             [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Ops/Tree.pm             [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Optimize.pm             [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Parse.pm                [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Parse/P6C.pm            [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/Rewrite.pm              [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/State.pm                [regex]
languages/regex/lib/Regex/TreeOptimize.pm         [regex]
languages/regex/regex-compiler.imc                [regex]
languages/regex/regex.pl                          [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/a.t                       [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/alt.t                     [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/backopt.t                 [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/example.t                 [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/group.t                   [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/infinite.t                [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/literal.t                 [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/ngplus.t                  [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/optional.t                [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/plus.t                    [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/quantindex.t              [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/regress1.t                [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/scanalt.t                 [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/scanstar.t                [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/star.t                    [regex]
languages/regex/t/basic/staralt.t                 [regex]
languages/regex/t/harness                         [regex]
languages/regex/test.pl                           [regex]
languages/ruby/Changes                            [ruby]
languages/ruby/MANIFEST                           [ruby]
languages/ruby/Makefile.PL                        [ruby]
languages/ruby/README                             [ruby]
languages/ruby/Ruby.pm                            [ruby]
languages/ruby/Yacc/01_terminal.t                 [ruby]
languages/ruby/Yacc/02_expression.t               [ruby]
languages/ruby/Yacc/Ruby.pm                       [ruby]
languages/ruby/Yacc/parse.y                       [ruby]
languages/ruby/interactive.pl                     [ruby]
languages/ruby/t/01_terminal.t                    [ruby]
languages/ruby/t/02_expression.t                  [ruby]
languages/scheme/README                           [scheme]
languages/scheme/Scheme.pm                        [scheme]
languages/scheme/Scheme/Builtins.pm               [scheme]
languages/scheme/Scheme/Generator.pm              [scheme]
languages/scheme/Scheme/Parser.pm                 [scheme]
languages/scheme/Scheme/Test.pm                   [scheme]
languages/scheme/Scheme/Tokenizer.pm              [scheme]
languages/scheme/schemec                          [scheme]
languages/scheme/t/arith/basic.t                  [scheme]
languages/scheme/t/arith/logic.t                  [scheme]
languages/scheme/t/arith/nested.t                 [scheme]
languages/scheme/t/harness                        [scheme]
languages/scheme/t/io/basic.t                     [scheme]
languages/scheme/t/logic/basic.t                  [scheme]
languages/scheme/t/logic/defines.t                [scheme]
languages/scheme/t/logic/lists.t                  [scheme]
languages/tcl/LICENSE                             [tcl]
languages/tcl/MAINTAINER                          [tcl]
languages/tcl/README                              [tcl]
languages/tcl/TODO                                [tcl]
languages/tcl/config/root.in                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/config/examples.in                  [tcl]
languages/tcl/classes/tclarray.pmc                [tcl]
languages/tcl/classes/tclfloat.pmc                [tcl]
languages/tcl/classes/tclint.pmc                  [tcl]
languages/tcl/classes/tcllist.pmc                 [tcl]
languages/tcl/classes/tclobject.pmc               [tcl]
languages/tcl/classes/tclstring.pmc               [tcl]
languages/tcl/docs/hacks.pod                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/docs/howto.pod                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/docs/overview.pod                   [tcl]
languages/tcl/examples/bench.tcl                  [tcl]
languages/tcl/examples/fact.tcl                   [tcl]
languages/tcl/examples/hello.tcl                  [tcl]
languages/tcl/examples/koohii.tcl                 [tcl]
languages/tcl/examples/power.tcl                  [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/auto_execok.pir        [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/auto_load.pir          [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/break.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/close.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/continue.pir           [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/exec.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/fconfigure.pir         [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/file.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/flush.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/for.pir                [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/glob.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/incr.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/interp.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/lsearch.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/package.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/regsub.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/trace.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/variable.pir           [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/builtins/while.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/after.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/append.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/array.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/catch.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/concat.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/eof.pir                [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/error.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/eval.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/exit.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/expr.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/foreach.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/format.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/gets.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/global.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/if.pir                 [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/info.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/inline.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/join.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/lappend.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/lassign.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/lindex.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/linsert.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/list.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/llength.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/lrange.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/lrepeat.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/lset.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/lsort.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/namespace.pir          [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/open.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/parray.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/proc.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/puts.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/regexp.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/rename.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/return.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/set.pir                [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/source.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/string.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/switch.pir             [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/time.pir               [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/unknown.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/unset.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/uplevel.pir            [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/commands/upvar.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/compiler.pir                    [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/conversions.pir                 [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/expression.pir                  [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/list.pir                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/list_to_string.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/macros.pir                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/parser.pir                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/returncodes.pir                 [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/string.pir                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/string_to_list.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tcl.p6r                         [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tclbinaryops.pir                [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tclcommand.pir                  [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tclcommandlist.pir              [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tclconst.pir                    [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tclfunc.pir                     [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tclops.pir                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tclvar.pir                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/tclword.pir                     [tcl]
languages/tcl/lib/variables.pir                   [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/Parrot/Test/Tcl.pm                [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_append.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_array.t                       [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_break.t                       [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_catch.t                       [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_concat.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_continue.t                    [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_eof.t                         [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_error.t                       [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_eval.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_exit.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_expr.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_flush.t                       [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_for.t                         [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_foreach.t                     [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_format.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_global.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_if.t                          [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_incr.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_info.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_inline.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_join.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_lappend.t                     [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_lassign.t                     [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_lindex.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_linsert.t                     [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_list.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_llength.t                     [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_lrepeat.t                     [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_lset.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_lsort.t                       [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_namespace.t                   [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_parray.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_proc.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_puts.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_regexp.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_rename.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_return.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_set.t                         [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_source.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_string.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_switch.t                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_time.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_unset.t                       [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/cmd_while.t                       [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/harness                           [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/tcl_backslash.t                   [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/tcl_command_subst.t               [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/tcl_conversion.t                  [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/tcl_glob.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/tcl_misc.t                        [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/tcl_pir_compiler.t                [tcl]
languages/tcl/t/tcl_var_subst.t                   [tcl]
languages/tcl/tcl-harness.pl                      [tcl]
languages/tcl/tcl-test.pl                         [tcl]
languages/tcl/tcl.pir                             [tcl]
languages/tcl/tcl.pir_template                    [tcl]
languages/tcl/tcl.pl                              [tcl]
languages/testall                                 []
languages/unlambda/README                         [unlambda]
languages/unlambda/hello.unl                      [unlambda]
languages/unlambda/t/harness                      [unlambda]
languages/unlambda/t/hello.t                      [unlambda]
languages/unlambda/unl.pir                        [unlambda]
languages/urm/INSTALL                             [urm]
languages/urm/LICENSE                             [urm]
languages/urm/README                              [urm]
languages/urm/examples/biggerzero.urm             [urm]
languages/urm/examples/distance.urm               [urm]
languages/urm/examples/div.urm                    [urm]
languages/urm/examples/mult.urm                   [urm]
languages/urm/examples/sim.urm                    [urm]
languages/urm/examples/sub.urm                    [urm]
languages/urm/lib/URM/Test.pm                     [urm]
languages/urm/t/harness                           [urm]
languages/urm/t/in_out.t                          [urm]
languages/urm/t/mmu.t                             [urm]
languages/urm/t/syn.t                             [urm]
languages/urm/urm-old.pl                          [urm]
languages/urm/urmc                                [urm]
lib/Class/Struct.pm                               [devel]
lib/Digest/Perl/MD5.pm                            [devel]
lib/File/Which.pm                                 [devel]
lib/Parrot/BuildUtil.pm                           [devel]
lib/Parrot/Configure.pm                           [devel]
lib/Parrot/Configure/Data.pm                      [devel]
lib/Parrot/Configure/Step.pm                      [devel]
lib/Parrot/Configure/Step/Base.pm                 [devel]
lib/Parrot/Distribution.pm                        [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Directory.pm                      [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/File.pm                           [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Group.pm                          [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/HTMLPage.pm                       [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Item.pm                           [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/POD2HTML.pm                       [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section.pm                        [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/BigNum.pm                 [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/C.pm                      [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Config.pm                 [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Docs.pm                   [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/DynaPMCs.pm               [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/EditorPlugins.pm          [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Examples.pm               [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/IMCC.pm                   [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Info.pm                   [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Languages.pm              [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Libs.pm                   [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Ops.pm                    [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/PMCs.pm                   [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Parrot.pm                 [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Perl.pm                   [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Tests.pm                  [devel]
lib/Parrot/Docs/Section/Tools.pm                  [devel]
lib/Parrot/IO/Directory.pm                        [devel]
lib/Parrot/IO/File.pm                             [devel]
lib/Parrot/IO/Path.pm                             [devel]
lib/Parrot/Op.pm                                  [devel]
lib/Parrot/OpTrans.pm                             [devel]
lib/Parrot/OpTrans/C.pm                           [devel]
lib/Parrot/OpTrans/CGP.pm                         [devel]
lib/Parrot/OpTrans/CGoto.pm                       [devel]
lib/Parrot/OpTrans/CPrederef.pm                   [devel]
lib/Parrot/OpTrans/CSwitch.pm                     [devel]
lib/Parrot/OpTrans/Compiled.pm                    [devel]
lib/Parrot/OpsFile.pm                             [devel]
lib/Parrot/Pmc2c.pm                               [devel]
lib/Parrot/Pmc2c/Library.pm                       [devel]
lib/Parrot/Revision.pm                            [devel]
lib/Parrot/Test.pm                                [devel]
lib/Parrot/Test/PGE.pm                            [devel]
lib/Parrot/Test/Punie.pm                          [devel]
lib/Parrot/Test/Python.pm                         [devel]
lib/Parrot/Vtable.pm                              [devel]
lib/Parse/RecDescent.pm                           [devel]
lib/Pod/Escapes.pm                                [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple.pm                                 [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple.pod                                [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/BlackBox.pm                        [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/Checker.pm                         [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/Debug.pm                           [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/DumpAsText.pm                      [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/DumpAsXML.pm                       [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/HTML.pm                            [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/LinkSection.pm                     [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/Methody.pm                         [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/PullParser.pm                      [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/PullParserEndToken.pm              [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/PullParserStartToken.pm            [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/PullParserTextToken.pm             [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/PullParserToken.pm                 [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/RTF.pm                             [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/SimpleTree.pm                      [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/Subclassing.pod                    [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/Text.pm                            [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/TextContent.pm                     [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/TiedOutFH.pm                       [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/Transcode.pm                       [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/TranscodeDumb.pm                   [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/TranscodeSmart.pm                  [devel]
lib/Pod/Simple/XMLOutStream.pm                    [devel]
lib/Test/Builder.pm                               [devel]
lib/Test/More.pm                                  [devel]
lib/Test/Simple.pm                                [devel]
lib/Text/Balanced.pm                              [devel]
parrot-config.imc                                 [main]
parrot.spec                                       []
parrotbug                                         []
runtime/parrot/dynext/README                      [main]doc
runtime/parrot/include/DWIM.imc                   [main]doc
runtime/parrot/include/README                     [main]doc
runtime/parrot/library/Data/Dumper.imc            [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Data/Dumper/Base.imc       [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Data/Dumper/Default.imc    [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Data/Escape.imc            [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Data/Replace.imc           [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Data/Sort.imc              [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Digest/MD5.pir             [library]
runtime/parrot/library/File/Spec.pir              [library]
runtime/parrot/library/File/Spec/Unix.pir         [library]
runtime/parrot/library/File/Spec/Win32.pir        [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Getopt/Long.pir            [main]doc
runtime/parrot/library/JSON.imc                   [library]
runtime/parrot/library/JSON/Parser.pir            [library]
runtime/parrot/library/PGE/Dumper.pir             [library]
runtime/parrot/library/PGE/Glob.pir               [library]
runtime/parrot/library/PGE/Hs.pir                 [library]
runtime/parrot/library/PGE/Text.pir               [library]
runtime/parrot/library/PGE/Util.pir               [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL.imc                    [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/App.imc                [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Button.imc             [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Color.imc              [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Constants.imc          [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Event.imc              [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/EventHandler.imc       [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Font.imc               [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Image.imc              [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/LCD.imc                [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/LCD.png                [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Rect.imc               [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Sprite.imc             [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/StopWatch.imc          [library]
runtime/parrot/library/SDL/Surface.imc            [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/Base.imc            [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/Combiner.imc        [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/Coroutine.imc       [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/Filter.imc          [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/Lines.imc           [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/ParrotIO.imc        [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/Replay.imc          [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/Sub.imc             [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Stream/Writer.imc          [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Test/Builder.pir           [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Test/Builder/Output.pir    [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Test/Builder/Test.pir      [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Test/Builder/TestPlan.pir  [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Test/Builder/Tester.pir    [library]
runtime/parrot/library/Test/More.pir              [library]
runtime/parrot/library/YAML/Parser/Syck.imc       [library]
runtime/parrot/library/config.imc                 [library]
runtime/parrot/library/dumper.imc                 [library]
runtime/parrot/library/libpcre.imc                [library]
runtime/parrot/library/ncurses.declarations       [library]
runtime/parrot/library/ncurses.imc                [library]
runtime/parrot/library/ncurses.pasm               [library]
runtime/parrot/library/parrotlib.imc              [runtime]
runtime/parrot/library/pcore.pir                  [library]
runtime/parrot/library/pcre.imc                   [library]
runtime/parrot/library/postgres.declarations      [library]
runtime/parrot/library/postgres.imc               [library]
runtime/parrot/library/postgres.pasm              [library]
runtime/parrot/library/random_lib.pir             [library]
src/builtin.c                                     []
src/byteorder.c                                   []
src/call_list.txt                                 [devel]doc
src/charset.c                                     []
src/charset/ascii.c                               []
src/charset/ascii.h                               []
src/charset/binary.c                              []
src/charset/binary.h                              []
src/charset/iso-8859-1.c                          []
src/charset/iso-8859-1.h                          []
src/charset/tables.c                              []
src/charset/tables.h                              []
src/charset/unicode.c                             []
src/charset/unicode.h                             []
src/classes/addrregistry.pmc                      []
src/classes/array.pmc                             []
src/classes/bigint.pmc                            []
src/classes/boolean.pmc                           []
src/classes/bound_nci.pmc                         []
src/classes/closure.pmc                           []
src/classes/compiler.pmc                          []
src/classes/complex.pmc                           []
src/classes/continuation.pmc                      []
src/classes/coroutine.pmc                         []
src/classes/csub.pmc                              []
src/classes/default.pmc                           []
src/classes/deleg_pmc.pmc                         []
src/classes/delegate.pmc                          []
src/classes/enumerate.pmc                         []
src/classes/env.pmc                               []
src/classes/eval.pmc                              []
src/classes/exception.pmc                         []
src/classes/exception_handler.pmc                 []
src/classes/fixedbooleanarray.pmc                 []
src/classes/fixedfloatarray.pmc                   []
src/classes/fixedintegerarray.pmc                 []
src/classes/fixedpmcarray.pmc                     []
src/classes/fixedstringarray.pmc                  []
src/classes/float.pmc                             []
src/classes/floatvalarray.pmc                     []
src/classes/hash.pmc                              []
src/classes/integer.pmc                           []
src/classes/intlist.pmc                           []
src/classes/iterator.pmc                          []
src/classes/key.pmc                               []
src/classes/lexinfo.pmc                           []
src/classes/lexpad.pmc                            []
src/classes/managedstruct.pmc                     []
src/classes/multiarray.pmc                        []
src/classes/multisub.pmc                          []
src/classes/nci.pmc                               []
src/classes/none.pmc                              []
src/classes/null.pmc                              []
src/classes/orderedhash.pmc                       []
src/classes/pair.pmc                              []
src/classes/parrotclass.pmc                       []
src/classes/parrotinterpreter.pmc                 []
src/classes/parrotio.pmc                          []
src/classes/parrotlibrary.pmc                     []
src/classes/parrotobject.pmc                      []
src/classes/parrotthread.pmc                      []
src/classes/perlarray.pmc                         []
src/classes/perlenv.pmc                           []
src/classes/perlhash.pmc                          []
src/classes/perlint.pmc                           []
src/classes/perlnum.pmc                           []
src/classes/perlscalar.pmc                        []
src/classes/perlstring.pmc                        []
src/classes/perlundef.pmc                         []
src/classes/pmc.num                               []
src/classes/pointer.pmc                           []
src/classes/random.pmc                            []
src/classes/ref.pmc                               []
src/classes/resizablebooleanarray.pmc             []
src/classes/resizablefloatarray.pmc               []
src/classes/resizableintegerarray.pmc             []
src/classes/resizablepmcarray.pmc                 []
src/classes/resizablestringarray.pmc              []
src/classes/retcontinuation.pmc                   []
src/classes/sarray.pmc                            []
src/classes/scalar.pmc                            []
src/classes/sharedref.pmc                         []
src/classes/slice.pmc                             []
src/classes/string.pmc                            []
src/classes/stringarray.pmc                       []
src/classes/sub.pmc                               []
src/classes/super.pmc                             []
src/classes/timer.pmc                             []
src/classes/tqueue.pmc                            []
src/classes/undef.pmc                             []
src/classes/unmanagedstruct.pmc                   []
src/classes/version.pmc                           []
src/classes/vtablecache.pmc                       []
src/cpu_dep.c                                     []
src/datatypes.c                                   []
src/debug.c                                       []
src/disassemble.c                                 []
src/dod.c                                         []
src/dynclasses/README                             [devel]
src/dynclasses/dynlexpad.pmc                      [library]
src/dynclasses/ext.pir                            [devel]
src/dynclasses/foo.pmc                            [devel]
src/dynclasses/gdbmhash.pmc                       [devel]
src/dynclasses/main.pasm                          [devel]
src/dynclasses/match.pmc                          [devel]
src/dynclasses/matchrange.pmc                     [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyboolean.pmc                      [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyboundcall.pmc                    [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyboundmeth.pmc                    [devel]
src/dynclasses/pybuiltin.pmc                      [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyclass.pmc                        [devel]
src/dynclasses/pycomplex.pmc                      [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyconsts.h                         [devel]
src/dynclasses/pydict.pmc                         [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyexception.pmc                    [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyfloat.pmc                        [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyfunc.pmc                         [devel]
src/dynclasses/pygen.pmc                          [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyint.pmc                          [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyiter.pmc                         [devel]
src/dynclasses/pylist.pmc                         [devel]
src/dynclasses/pylong.pmc                         [devel]
src/dynclasses/pymodule.pmc                       [devel]
src/dynclasses/pynci.pmc                          [devel]
src/dynclasses/pynone.pmc                         [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyobject.pmc                       [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyproxyclass.pmc                   [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyproxytype.pmc                    [devel]
src/dynclasses/pyslice.pmc                        [devel]
src/dynclasses/pystaticmeth.pmc                   [devel]
src/dynclasses/pystring.pmc                       [devel]
src/dynclasses/pytuple.pmc                        [devel]
src/dynclasses/pytype.pmc                         [devel]
src/dynclasses/quantumreg.pmc                     [devel]
src/dynclasses/subproxy.pmc                       [devel]
src/dynext.c                                      []
src/dynoplibs/README                              [devel]
src/dynoplibs/alarm.pasm                          [devel]
src/dynoplibs/alarm2.pasm                         [devel]
src/dynoplibs/dan.ops                             [devel]
src/dynoplibs/dan.pasm                            [devel]
src/dynoplibs/myops.ops                           [devel]
src/dynoplibs/test.pasm                           [devel]
src/embed.c                                       []
src/encoding.c                                    []
src/encodings/fixed_8.c                           []
src/encodings/fixed_8.h                           []
src/encodings/ucs2.c                              []
src/encodings/ucs2.h                              []
src/encodings/utf16.c                             []
src/encodings/utf16.h                             []
src/encodings/utf8.c                              []
src/encodings/utf8.h                              []
src/events.c                                      []
src/exceptions.c                                  []
src/exec.c                                        []
src/exec_save.c                                   []
src/exec_start.c                                  []
src/exit.c                                        []
src/extend.c                                      []
src/gc_gms.c                                      []
src/gc_ims.c                                      []
src/global.c                                      []
src/global_setup.c                                []
src/hash.c                                        []
src/headers.c                                     []
src/hll.c                                         []
src/inter_call.c                                  []
src/inter_cb.c                                    []
src/inter_create.c                                []
src/inter_misc.c                                  []
src/inter_run.c                                   []
src/interpreter.c                                 []
src/intlist.c                                     []
src/io/io.c                                       []
src/io/io_buf.c                                   []
src/io/io_layers.c                                []
src/io/io_mmap.c                                  []
src/io/io_passdown.c                              []
src/io/io_private.h                               []
src/io/io_stdio.c                                 []
src/io/io_unix.c                                  []
src/io/io_utf8.c                                  []
src/io/io_win32.c                                 []
src/jit.c                                         []
src/jit/alpha/core.jit                            []
src/jit/alpha/jit_emit.h                          []
src/jit/arm/core.jit                              []
src/jit/arm/exec_dep.h                            []
src/jit/arm/jit_emit.h                            []
src/jit/hppa/core.jit                             []
src/jit/hppa/jit_emit.h                           []
src/jit/i386/core.jit                             []
src/jit/i386/exec_dep.h                           []
src/jit/i386/jit_emit.h                           []
src/jit/ia64/core.jit                             []
src/jit/ia64/jit_emit.h                           []
src/jit/mips/core.jit                             []
src/jit/mips/jit_emit.h                           []
src/jit/ppc/asm.s                                 []
src/jit/ppc/core.jit                              []
src/jit/ppc/exec_dep.h                            []
src/jit/ppc/jit_emit.h                            []
src/jit/ppc/ppc-linux.s                           []
src/jit/skeleton/jit_emit.h                       []
src/jit/sun4/core.jit                             []
src/jit/sun4/jit_emit.h                           []
src/jit_debug.c                                   []
src/jit_debug_xcoff.c                             []
src/key.c                                         []
src/libnci_test.def                               []
src/library.c                                     []
src/list.c                                        []
src/longopt.c                                     []
src/malloc-trace.c                                []
src/malloc.c                                      []
src/memory.c                                      []
src/method_util.c                                 []
src/misc.c                                        []
src/mmd.c                                         []
src/nci_test.c                                    []
src/objects.c                                     []
src/ops/bit.ops                                   []
src/ops/cmp.ops                                   []
src/ops/core.ops                                  []
src/ops/debug.ops                                 []
src/ops/dotgnu.ops                                []
src/ops/experimental.ops                          []
src/ops/io.ops                                    []
src/ops/math.ops                                  []
src/ops/object.ops                                []
src/ops/obscure.ops                               []
src/ops/ops.num                                   [devel]
src/ops/pic.ops                                   []
src/ops/pmc.ops                                   []
src/ops/python.ops                                []
src/ops/set.ops                                   []
src/ops/stack.ops                                 []
src/ops/string.ops                                []
src/ops/sys.ops                                   []
src/ops/var.ops                                   []
src/packdump.c                                    []
src/packfile.c                                    []
src/packfile/pf_items.c                           []
src/packout.c                                     []
src/parrot.c                                      []
src/pbc_info.c                                    []
src/pbc_merge.c                                   []
src/pdb.c                                         []
src/pdump.c                                       []
src/pic.c                                         []
src/pmc.c                                         []
src/pmc_freeze.c                                  []
src/register.c                                    []
src/res_lea.c                                     []
src/resources.c                                   []
src/runops_cores.c                                []
src/smallobject.c                                 []
src/spf_render.c                                  []
src/spf_vtable.c                                  []
src/stack_common.c                                []
src/stacks.c                                      []
src/string.c                                      []
src/string_primitives.c                           []
src/sub.c                                         []
src/thread.c                                      []
src/trace.c                                       []
src/tsq.c                                         []
src/types/bignum.c                                []
src/types/bignum.h                                []
src/types/bignum_atest.pl                         []
src/types/bignum_test.pl                          []
src/utils.c                                       []
src/vtables.c                                     []
src/warnings.c                                    []
t/README                                          []
t/benchmarks.t                                    []
t/compilers/imcc/imcpasm/cfg.t                    []
t/compilers/imcc/imcpasm/opt0.t                   []
t/compilers/imcc/imcpasm/opt1.t                   []
t/compilers/imcc/imcpasm/opt2.t                   []
t/compilers/imcc/imcpasm/optc.t                   []
t/compilers/imcc/imcpasm/pcc.t                    []
t/compilers/imcc/imcpasm/sub.t                    []
t/compilers/imcc/reg/alloc.t                      []
t/compilers/imcc/reg/spill.t                      []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/bsr.t                        []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/clash.t                      []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/const.t                      []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/errors.t                     []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/eval.t                       []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/file.t                       []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/keyed.t                      []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/labels.t                     []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/macro.t                      []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/namespace.t                  []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/objects.t                    []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/op.t                         []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/pcc.t                        []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/pod.t                        []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/scope.t                      []
t/compilers/imcc/syn/tail.t                       []
t/compilers/pge/p5regexp/p5rx.t                   []
t/compilers/pge/p5regexp/re_tests                 []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/backtrack.t               []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/builtins.t                []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/capture.t                 []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/cclass.t                  []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/closure.t                 []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/context.t                 []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/metachars.t               []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/modifiers.t               []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/subrules.t                []
t/compilers/pge/p6rules/text_brk.t                []
t/compilers/pge/pge-hs.t                          []
t/compilers/pge/pge.t                             []
t/compilers/pge/pge_examples.t                    []
t/compilers/pge/pge_globs.t                       []
t/compilers/tge/basic.t                           []
t/compilers/tge/grammar.t                         []
t/compilers/tge/harness                           []
t/compilers/tge/parser.t                          []
t/configure/data.t                                []
t/distro/manifest_skip.t                          []
t/doc/pod.t                                       []
t/dynclass/dynlexpad.t                            []
t/dynclass/foo.t                                  []
t/dynclass/gdbmhash.t                             []
t/dynclass/pybuiltin.t                            []
t/dynclass/pyclass.t                              []
t/dynclass/pycomplex.t                            []
t/dynclass/pyfunc.t                               []
t/dynclass/pyint.t                                []
t/dynclass/quantumreg.t                           []
t/examples/japh.t                                 []
t/examples/library.t                              []
t/examples/pasm.t                                 []
t/examples/past.t                                 []
t/examples/pir.t                                  []
t/examples/subs.t                                 []
t/harness                                         []
t/library/File-Spec.t                             []
t/library/data_escape.t                           []
t/library/dumper.t                                []
t/library/getopt_long.t                           []
t/library/json.t                                  []
t/library/md5.t                                   []
t/library/parrotlib.t                             []
t/library/pcre.t                                  []
t/library/perlhist.txt                            []
t/library/sort.t                                  []
t/library/streams.t                               []
t/library/test_builder_tester.t                   []
t/library/test_more.t                             []
t/library/yaml_parser_syck.t                      []
t/native_pbc/header.t                             []
t/native_pbc/integer.t                            []
t/native_pbc/integer_1.pbc                        []
t/native_pbc/integer_2.pbc                        []
t/native_pbc/integer_3.pbc                        []
t/native_pbc/integer_4.pbc                        []
t/native_pbc/number.t                             []
t/native_pbc/number_1.pbc                         []
t/native_pbc/number_2.pbc                         []
t/native_pbc/number_3.pbc                         []
t/native_pbc/number_4.pbc                         []
t/native_pbc/number_5.pbc                         []
t/native_pbc/string.t                             []
t/native_pbc/string_1.pbc                         []
t/native_pbc/string_2.pbc                         []
t/op/00ff-dos.t                                   []
t/op/00ff-unix.t                                  []
t/op/64bit.t                                      []
t/op/arithmetics.t                                []
t/op/basic.t                                      []
t/op/bitwise.t                                    []
t/op/calling.t                                    []
t/op/comp.t                                       []
t/op/conv.t                                       []
t/op/debuginfo.t                                  []
t/op/gc.t                                         []
t/op/globals.t                                    []
t/op/hacks.t                                      []
t/op/ifunless.t                                   []
t/op/info.t                                       []
t/op/integer.t                                    []
t/op/interp.t                                     []
t/op/jit.t                                        []
t/op/jitn.t                                       []
t/op/lexicals.t                                   []
t/op/literal.t                                    []
t/op/macro.t                                      []
t/op/number.t                                     []
t/op/random.t                                     []
t/op/spawnw.t                                     []
t/op/stacks.t                                     []
t/op/string.t                                     []
t/op/string_cclass.t                              []
t/op/string_cs.t                                  []
t/op/stringu.t                                    []
t/op/time.t                                       []
t/op/trans.t                                      []
t/op/types.t                                      []
t/perl/Parrot_Distribution.t                      []
t/perl/Parrot_Docs.t                              []
t/perl/Parrot_IO.t                                []
t/perl/README                                     []
t/perl/cppcomments.t                              []
t/perl/manifest.t                                 []
t/perl/opcode-doc.t                               []
t/pmc/array.t                                     []
t/pmc/bigint.t                                    []
t/pmc/boolean.t                                   []
t/pmc/builtin.t                                   []
t/pmc/complex.t                                   []
t/pmc/config.t                                    []
t/pmc/coroutine.t                                 []
t/pmc/delegate.t                                  []
t/pmc/env.t                                       []
t/pmc/eval.t                                      []
t/pmc/exception.t                                 []
t/pmc/fixedbooleanarray.t                         []
t/pmc/fixedfloatarray.t                           []
t/pmc/fixedintegerarray.t                         []
t/pmc/fixedpmcarray.t                             []
t/pmc/fixedstringarray.t                          []
t/pmc/float.t                                     []
t/pmc/floatvalarray.t                             []
t/pmc/freeze.t                                    []
t/pmc/globals.t                                   []
t/pmc/hash.t                                      []
t/pmc/integer.t                                   []
t/pmc/intlist.t                                   []
t/pmc/io.t                                        []
t/pmc/iter.t                                      []
t/pmc/key.t                                       []
t/pmc/managedstruct.t                             []
t/pmc/mmd.t                                       []
t/pmc/multiarray.t                                []
t/pmc/multisub.t                                  []
t/pmc/n_arithmetics.t                             []
t/pmc/namespace.t                                 []
t/pmc/nci.t                                       []
t/pmc/object-meths.t                              []
t/pmc/object-mro.t                                []
t/pmc/objects.t                                   []
t/pmc/orderedhash.t                               []
t/pmc/pair.t                                      []
t/pmc/perlarray.t                                 []
t/pmc/perlhash.t                                  []
t/pmc/perlint.t                                   []
t/pmc/perlnum.t                                   []
t/pmc/perlstring.t                                []
t/pmc/perlundef.t                                 []
t/pmc/pmc.t                                       []
t/pmc/prop.t                                      []
t/pmc/ref.t                                       []
t/pmc/resizablebooleanarray.t                     []
t/pmc/resizablefloatarray.t                       []
t/pmc/resizableintegerarray.t                     []
t/pmc/resizablepmcarray.t                         []
t/pmc/resizablestringarray.t                      []
t/pmc/sarray.t                                    []
t/pmc/signal.t                                    []
t/pmc/string.t                                    []
t/pmc/sub.t                                       []
t/pmc/sys.t                                       []
t/pmc/threads.t                                   []
t/pmc/timer.t                                     []
t/pmc/tqueue.t                                    []
t/pmc/undef.t                                     []
t/run/README                                      []
t/run/exit.t                                      []
t/run/first.pir                                   []
t/run/options.t                                   []
t/run/second.pir                                  []
t/src/README                                      []
t/src/basic.t                                     []
t/src/compiler.t                                  []
t/src/exit.t                                      []
t/src/extend.t                                    []
t/src/hash.t                                      []
t/src/intlist.t                                   []
t/src/io.t                                        []
t/src/list.t                                      []
t/src/sprintf.t                                   []
t/src/string.t                                    []
t/stress/gc.t                                     []
t/tools/pbc_merge.t                               []
tools/build/c2str.pl                              []
tools/build/fingerprint_c.pl                      []
tools/build/jit2h.pl                              []
tools/build/list_unjitted.pl                      []
tools/build/nativecall.pl                         []
tools/build/ops2c.pl                              [devel]
tools/build/ops2pm.pl                             [devel]
tools/build/parrot_config_c.pl                    []
tools/build/parrotdef.pl                          []
tools/build/pbc2c.pl                              [devel]
tools/build/pmc2c.pl                              []
tools/build/revision_c.pl                         [devel]
tools/build/vtable_extend.pl                      []
tools/build/vtable_h.pl                           []
tools/dev/as2c.pl                                 [devel]
tools/dev/bench_op.imc                            [devel]
tools/dev/cc_flags.pl                             [devel]
tools/dev/check_source_standards.pl               [devel]
tools/dev/extract_file_descriptions.pl            [devel]
tools/dev/gen_charset_tables.pl                   [devel]
tools/dev/gen_class.pl                            []
tools/dev/gen_manifest_skip.pl                    [devel]
tools/dev/genrpt.pl                               [devel]
tools/dev/install_files.pl                        [devel]
tools/dev/lib_deps.pl                             [devel]
tools/dev/manicheck.pl                            [devel]
tools/dev/mk_inno.pl                              [devel]
tools/dev/mk_manifests.pl                         [devel]
tools/dev/mk_native_pbc                           [devel]
tools/dev/nm.pl                                   [devel]
tools/dev/ops_renum.mak                           [devel]
tools/dev/parrot.supp                             [devel]
tools/dev/parrot_api.pl                           [devel]
tools/dev/parrot_coverage.pl                      [devel]
tools/dev/parrotbench.pl                          [devel]
tools/dev/pbc_header.pl                           [devel]
tools/dev/rebuild_miniparrot.pl                   [devel]
tools/dev/run_indent.pl                           [devel]
tools/dev/symlink.pl                              [devel]
tools/dev/testyamd                                [devel]
tools/docs/pod_errors.pl                          [devel]
tools/docs/write_docs.pl                          [devel]
tools/util/ncidef2pasm.pl                         []
tools/util/smokeserv-README                       []
tools/util/smokeserv-client.pl                    []
tools/util/smokeserv-server.pl                    []
vtable.tbl                                        [devel]
